R CMD check can only use aspell (#2424)
r-lib/devtools: NEWS.md

# devtools (development version)

> * `aspell_env_var()` does a better job of match R CMD check behavour,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `aspell_env_var()` does a better job of matching R CMD check behaviour,
```
